README.md, before:

# f8a-server-backbone

[![Build Status](https://ci.centos.org/job/devtools-f8a-server-backbone-f8a-build-master/badge/icon)](https://ci.centos.org/job/devtools-f8a-server-backbone-f8a-build-master/)

Server backbone service based on a given stack components does two tasks.
 - Stack Aggregation
 - Recommendation

##### Stack Aggregation
Based on the contents of a given payload, it tries to aggregate the data from the Graph.
It then persists the data in the Database and returns a response.

##### Recommendation
Based on the contents of a given payload, it calls Kronos service and gets the recommendation in
terms of
- Outliers
- Alternate Components
- Companion Components

It then persists the above data in the Database and returns a response.

#### How to test:

*  `./runtests.sh`

* curl localhost:<SERVICE_PORT>/api/v1/readiness should return `{}` with status 200


#### Payload Information
```
{
	"external_request_id": "req-id",
	"result": [{
		"summary": [],
		"details": [{
			"ecosystem": "maven",
			"description": "Exposes an HTTP API using Vert.x",
			"_resolved": [{
				"package": "io.vertx:vertx-web",
				"version": "3.4.2"
			}, {
				"package": "io.vertx:vertx-core",
				"version": "3.4.2"
			}],
			"manifest_file_path": "/home/JohnDoe",
			"manifest_file": "pom.xml",
			"declared_licenses": ["Apache License, Version 2.0"],
			"name": "Vert.x - HTTP",
			"dependencies": ["io.vertx:vertx-web 3.4.2", "io.vertx:vertx-core 3.4.2"],
			"version": "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT",
			"devel_dependencies": ["com.jayway.restassured:rest-assured 2.9.0", "io.openshift:openshift-test-utils 2", "org.assertj:assertj-core 3.6.2", "junit:junit 4.12", "io.vertx:vertx-unit 3.4.2", "io.vertx:vertx-web-client 3.4.2", "com.jayway.awaitility:awaitility 1.7.0"],
			"homepage": null
		}],
		"status": "success"
	}]
}
```

#### Recommendation Response
API Endpoint `api/v1/recommender`

```
{
    "external_request_id": "req-id",
    "recommendation": "success"
}
```

#### Recommendation Response
API Endpoint `api/v1/stack_aggregator`

```
{
    "external_request_id": "req-id",
    "stack_aggregator": "success"
}
```

### Footnotes

#### Coding standards

- You can use scripts `run-linter.sh` and `check-docstyle.sh` to check if the code follows [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) coding standards. These scripts can be run w/o any arguments:

```
./run-linter.sh
./check-docstyle.sh
```

The first script checks the indentation, line lengths, variable names, whitespace around operators etc. The second
script checks all documentation strings - its presense and format. Please fix any warnings and errors reported by these
scripts.

#### Code complexity measurement

The scripts `measure-cyclomatic-complexity.sh` and `measure-maintainability-index.sh` are used to measure code complexity. These scripts can be run w/o any arguments:

```
./measure-cyclomatic-complexity.sh
./measure-maintainability-index.sh
```

The first script measures cyclomatic complexity of all Python sources found in the repository. Please see [this table](https://radon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/commandline.html#the-cc-command) for further explanation how to comprehend the results.

The second script measures maintainability index of all Python sources found in the repository. Please see [the following link](https://radon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/commandline.html#the-mi-command) with explanation of this measurement.

Commit message:

Unit tests section in README

README.md, after:

# f8a-server-backbone

[![Build Status](https://ci.centos.org/job/devtools-f8a-server-backbone-f8a-build-master/badge/icon)](https://ci.centos.org/job/devtools-f8a-server-backbone-f8a-build-master/)

Server backbone service based on a given stack components does two tasks.
 - Stack Aggregation
 - Recommendation

##### Stack Aggregation
Based on the contents of a given payload, it tries to aggregate the data from the Graph.
It then persists the data in the Database and returns a response.

##### Recommendation
Based on the contents of a given payload, it calls Kronos service and gets the recommendation in
terms of
- Outliers
- Alternate Components
- Companion Components

It then persists the above data in the Database and returns a response.

#### How to test:

*  `./runtests.sh`

* curl localhost:<SERVICE_PORT>/api/v1/readiness should return `{}` with status 200


#### Payload Information
```
{
	"external_request_id": "req-id",
	"result": [{
		"summary": [],
		"details": [{
			"ecosystem": "maven",
			"description": "Exposes an HTTP API using Vert.x",
			"_resolved": [{
				"package": "io.vertx:vertx-web",
				"version": "3.4.2"
			}, {
				"package": "io.vertx:vertx-core",
				"version": "3.4.2"
			}],
			"manifest_file_path": "/home/JohnDoe",
			"manifest_file": "pom.xml",
			"declared_licenses": ["Apache License, Version 2.0"],
			"name": "Vert.x - HTTP",
			"dependencies": ["io.vertx:vertx-web 3.4.2", "io.vertx:vertx-core 3.4.2"],
			"version": "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT",
			"devel_dependencies": ["com.jayway.restassured:rest-assured 2.9.0", "io.openshift:openshift-test-utils 2", "org.assertj:assertj-core 3.6.2", "junit:junit 4.12", "io.vertx:vertx-unit 3.4.2", "io.vertx:vertx-web-client 3.4.2", "com.jayway.awaitility:awaitility 1.7.0"],
			"homepage": null
		}],
		"status": "success"
	}]
}
```

#### Recommendation Response
API Endpoint `api/v1/recommender`

```
{
    "external_request_id": "req-id",
    "recommendation": "success"
}
```

#### Recommendation Response
API Endpoint `api/v1/stack_aggregator`

```
{
    "external_request_id": "req-id",
    "stack_aggregator": "success"
}
```

## Unit tests

There's a script named `runtests.sh` that can be used to run all unit tests. The unit test coverage is reported as well by this script.

Usage:

```
./runtests.sh

```

### Footnotes

#### Coding standards

- You can use scripts `run-linter.sh` and `check-docstyle.sh` to check if the code follows [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) coding standards. These scripts can be run w/o any arguments:

```
./run-linter.sh
./check-docstyle.sh
```

The first script checks the indentation, line lengths, variable names, whitespace around operators etc. The second
script checks all documentation strings - its presense and format. Please fix any warnings and errors reported by these
scripts.

#### Code complexity measurement

The scripts `measure-cyclomatic-complexity.sh` and `measure-maintainability-index.sh` are used to measure code complexity. These scripts can be run w/o any arguments:

```
./measure-cyclomatic-complexity.sh
./measure-maintainability-index.sh
```

The first script measures cyclomatic complexity of all Python sources found in the repository. Please see [this table](https://radon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/commandline.html#the-cc-command) for further explanation how to comprehend the results.

The second script measures maintainability index of all Python sources found in the repository. Please see [the following link](https://radon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/commandline.html#the-mi-command) with explanation of this measurement.
